<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=768, height=1024, user-scalable=0" />
		<title>The Manual of the Phonetic Symbols of Mandarin Chinese </title>
		<link href="style.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
	</head>
<body class="text">
	<div class="bodytext">

<h1>　</h1>

<p>To resolve these issues Ministry of Education has invited the following phonetic professors, Chang, Hsiao-yu, Lin, Kuo-liang, Chang, Wen-pin, Tseng, Jung-fen, Hu, Chien-hsiung, Su, Mao-sheng and myself, to form a project team, with Prof. Hu, Chien-hsiung taking up the responsibility of designing, and Prof. Su, Mao-sheng as the art director. Moreover, Mr. Wu, Yan-cheng was invited as the designer. They redesigned and created <i>Bopomofo Manual according to A Specimen of Bopomofo Printing Font next to Chinese Character</i> released in 1935. The content was required to include reference graphics of <i>List of Bopomofo Symbols, Ratio Reference between Chinese Characters and Bopomofo, Specimen of Chinese Characters with Bopomofo</i> (portrait/landscape), <i>Reference Table of Chinese Characters with Bopomofo Syllables</i>, to fulfill actual need of education and application onto computer typesetting for the printing industry.</p>

<p>In order to describe correct usage of Bopomofo with simplicity and clarity, this manual is mainly presented in graphics. As the manual is about to be published, I happily note down this foreword to express my thankfulness to all the professors on the team. I would also like to extend my appreciation to the inspector, Mr. Yang, Yung-chuan, and the assistant, Ms. Yang, Yu-wen, from National Languages Committee for all their administrative support and assistance.</p>




<p><br/></p>
<p class="byline">Li, Hsien<br/>
November, 2000</p>
	</div>
</body>
</html>
