<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=768, height=1024, user-scalable=0" />
		<title>The Manual of the Phonetic Symbols of Mandarin Chinese </title>
		<link href="style.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
	</head>
<body class="text">
	<div class="bodytext">
<h1>Foreword</h1>
<p>First version of Mandarin Chinese Phonetic Symbols, also recognized as Bopomofo, was created in 1913 and released in 1918. It was repeatedly revised for perfection. In 1935, Ministry of Education had released <i>A Specimen of Bopomofo Printing Font next to Chinese Character</i>. The Copper printing molds of Chinese character with Bopomofo on the side were made according to the released document, and were used to reduce the difficulty on learning Chinese characters. Bopomofo has become the best tool to learn Mandarin Chinese since then.
</p>

<p>Bopomofo was created according to the Chinese historical phonology and the poetic metrics. Those phonetic alphabets were supposed to represent the onset, rhyme, and tone of the syllables, according to the methods of alliteration and assonance used in ancient time with the simplified forms of the Chinese characters. Therefore, using Bopomofo to spell Chinese is almost like using characters to spell. This is the most suitable method to learn pronunciation. It is also easy to learn when there is only one sound for one character.</p>

<p>Bopomofo cannot only be used as a tool to spell Chinese character and adjust pronunciation, but it can also be used on dictionary to edit word sequence and searching system. As for the elementary textbook or children’s readers, it becomes the best method of learning and recognizing Mandarin Chinese. Knowing Bopomofo is like to get a self-learning tool. It allows a person to access the books and magazines with Bopomofo or operating computer with phonetic typing system.</p>

<p>To ensure fast and efficient communication in our modern world, standardization of all the communication means is required.</p>

<p>The standardization is required so important since information technology is booming nowadays. In response to this requirement Ministry of Education had released Published Version of Standard Chinese Font in 1994 as a standard for society. By now, the textbooks, the media, and the IT industries have already applied the standard. However, even though Bopomofo as a system has been released for years and the knowledge of it is a requirement in the elementary school education, the stroke order of each symbol and the position are sometimes at issue. Furthermore, the Bopomofo system as used in IT industry is actually different from the version released by the MOE. Problems and disputes occurred because of these discrepancies.
</p>



	</div>
</body>
</html>
