<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
	<head>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=768, height=1024, user-scalable=0" />
		<title>Handbook of Bopomofo Symbols</title>
		<link href="style.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
	</head>
<body class="text">
<h1>Foreword</h1>
<p>First version of Chinese alphabet, also recognized as Bopomofo, was created in 1913 and released in 1918. It was repeatedly revised for perfection. In 1935, Ministry of Education had released <i>A Specimen of Bopomofo Printing Font next to Chinese Character</i>. Copper printing molds of Chinese character with Bopomofo on the side were made according to the released document, and were used to lower the difficulty on learning Chinese characters. Bopomofo had become the best tool to learn Chinese since then.</p>

<p>Bopomofo is created according to the principle of Chinese traditional phonology and poetic rhymes. It uses sound, rhyme, and tone as simplified alliteration and assonance method which was used in ancient time with Chinese characters. Therefore, using Bopomofo to spell Chinese is just like using characters to spell. This is the most accurate method to learn pronunciation. It is also easy to learn when there is only one sound for one character.</p>

<p>Bopomofo can not only be used as a tool to spell Chinese character and adjust pronunciation, but it can also be used on dictionary to edit word sequence and searching system. When it comes to elementary textbook or children’s readers, it becomes the best method of learning and recognizing Chinese. Knowing Bopomofo is like abtaining a self-learning tool. It allows a person to access books and magazines with Bopomofo or operating computer with phonetic typing system.</p>

<p>Everything requires standardization since information technology is booming nowadays. Ministry of Education had released Published Version of Standard Chinese Font in 1994 as a standard for society. By now, most textbook, media, and IT industry have already applied the standard. However, even though Bopomofo had been released for years and used as the obligatory lesson in elementary school’s Chinese courses, its stroke number, writing sequence, and position are sometimes with ambiguity. Furthermore, the Bopomofo created by IT industry is actually different from the released version. Unnecessary problems had occurred because of this discrepancy.</p>

<p>Ministry of Education had found out about this issue and had invited professional phonetic professors, Chang, Hsiao-yu, Lin, Kuo-liang, Chang, Wen-pin, Tseng, Jung-fen, Hu, Chien-hsiung, and Su, Mao-sheng, to build up a project team responsible by myself, while professor Hu, Chien-hsiung takes over the responsibility of design director, and Professor Su, Mao-sheng as the art director. Moreover, Mr. Wu, Yan-cheng was invited as the designer. The target of the team is to redesign and create Bopomofo Manual according to A Specimen of Bopomofo Printing Font next to Chinese Character released in 1935.</p>


</body>
</html>
